Improves Dev docs (#5126)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/developer/docs/develop/setup-opencast-for-develop.md

    synfig

## Build Opencast

> You can build now opencast by changing your directory into your opencast location and by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now build opencast by changing into your opencast directory and running:
```

    $ mvn clean install [Options]

After the successful compilation you can start opencast with:

    $ ./build/opencast-dist-develop-*/bin/start-opencast

Where `*` is the version number of the distribution.

### Build options

#### Assembly profiles

> Besides the default `dist` Maven profile, you can define other profiles to create different builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the default `dist` Maven profile, you can specify other profiles to create different builds.
```

Activate these profiles using:

profile | description
--------|------------
`-Pdev`   | Create a single `allinone` distribution and unpack it
`-Pnone`  | Do not create any distribution

You can only use one of these profiles at a time.

#### Build options

> The options can be used to customize the build process. They can be used in combination with the assembly profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options can be used to customize the build process. They can be used in combination with the assembly profiles.
```

Option | Description
-------|------------
`-DtrimStackTrace=false` | Do not trim stack traces in the logs
`-DskipTests=true` | Skip tests
`-T 1.0C` | Use multiple threads for building (Experimental)

### Build Single Modules

When working on a single Opencast module, it can be extremely helpful to watch the newly built version and include
it automatically in the Opencast OSGi infrastructure. This can be done through the
[bundle:watch](https://karaf.apache.org/manual/latest/commands/bundle-watch.html) command in Karaf. The workflow would

> be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working on a single Opencast module, it can be extremely helpful having the new built version automatically included in the Opencast OSGi infrastructure. This can be achieved by watching the module with the [bundle:watch](https://karaf.apache.org/manual/latest/commands/bundle-watch.html) command in Karaf. The procedure would be as follows:
```

Author: This paragraph is split in lines to not trigger the markdown character per line limit checkStyle

> * Start Opencast and use `la -u` in the Karaf console to list all installed bundles/modules. Note down the IDs of the

Reviewer: New developers likely don't what "Karaf console" is and especially not how to access it. Maybe make that the first step?

> * Start Opencast and use `la -u` in the Karaf console to list all installed bundles/modules. Note down the IDs of the

Reviewer: Interesting, didn't know about `la -u`. I always use `bundle:list`, but both seem fine.

  bundles you want to watch.
* Use `bundle:watch IDs` to watch the desired modules, e.g. `bundle:watch 190 199`
* Make your changes and rebuild the module (e.g. execute `mvn clean install` in the module folder).
* Watch how Karaf automatically redeploys the changed jars from your local Maven repository. You can verify that
  everything went smoothly by checking the log with `log:tail`.

To see this technique in action, you can watch the following short video:

* [Opencast development: Watch and reload modules](https://asciinema.org/a/348132)

> The updated bundles are only available in the currently running Karaf instance. To create a Opencast version that has
> this changes permanently, you have to run `mvn clean install` in the the assemblies directory again. Your current
> instance will be deleted by the new assembly!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated bundles are only available in the currently running Karaf instance. To create a Opencast version that contains your changes permanently, you have to run `mvn install` in the assemblies directory again. 
```

You do not have to use `clean`, and the currently running instance will not immediately die.

> In several cases the `bundle:watch` can bring Karaf in an unstable condition, as dependencies between bundles will not
> correctly be restored, after the new bundle has been deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In several cases the `bundle:watch` can put Karaf in an unstable condition, as dependencies between bundles will not
correctly be restored after the new bundle has been deployed.
```

### Examples
#### Build enabling multiple threads (Experimental)

Building with multiple threads decreases the build time significantly.
If you want to enable multiple threads, you can use the following command:

    $ mvn clean install -T 1.0C -DskipTests -Pnone 
    && cd assemblies && mvn install -T 1.0C -Dskiptests -Pdev  
    && cd ..
    $ ./build/opencast-dist-develop-*/start-opencast

Multiple threads build have not been thoroughly tested and may cause runtime problems or unexpected behavior.

> We don't advice to use this feature for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't advise to use this feature for production.
```

Author: Solved with another commit.

> We don't advice to use this feature for production.

Author: ```suggestion
We don't advise using this feature for production.
```

#### Useful Commands for Testing Purposes

For a quick build, you can use the following command to skip Opencast's tests.

    $ cd opencast

>     $ mvn clean install -Pdev -DskipTests=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ mvn clean install -Pdev -DskipTests
```

- Search for projects recursively
- Uncheck all listed profiles
- Check all projects to import

> - To select JDK 11, it should be somewhere around `/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk` depending on your current system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select JDK 11, it should be somewhere around `/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk` depending on your current system
```

- Select Import Scheme and IntelliJ IDEA code style XML
- Import it from `opencast/docs/intellij_settings/codestyle.xml`

#### Setup CheckStyle

Check style is one of the tools we use to ensure code quality. Not following the check style rules will produce build errors.
To use it in IntelliJ, follow these steps:

- Install the [CheckStyle-IDEA plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/1065-checkstyle-idea)
- Configure the plugin:
    1. Go to settings → Tools → Checkstyle
    2. Click on the plus icon
    3. Add a description
    4. Select “Use a local Checkstyle file“
    5. Fill the blanks:
        - checkstyle.header.file: `/docs/checkstyle/checkstyle-header.txt`
        - checkstyle.supressions.file: `/docs/checkstyle/checkstyle-suppressions.xml`

To use the plugin, you can run manually the check-style plugin through the menu View → Tool Windows → Checkstyle.

Now your IDE should be ready for developing.

#### Slow IntelliJ IDEA Fix

Edit following file

    $ sudo nano /etc/sysctl.conf

and copy this text into it

    fs.inotify.max_user_watches = 524288

Apply your changes with

    $ sudo sysctl -p --system

### Visual Studio Code Editor

> We use VS code for mainly:
> - Frontend development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use VS code for mainly:

- Frontend development
```
